W-15428649-Add-rescaffold-process-CP (#553)
mulesoft/docs-studio: modules/ROOT/pages/import-api-specification-exchange.adoc

[NOTE]
If you want Studio to list your API when searching in Exchange, you must mark your API specification published as an asset as *stable*.

== Rescaffold an API Specification in a Mule Project

> After changing your API spec, such as adding a new endpoint, re-scaffold the spec to update your Mule project.

Reviewer: "rescaffold"?

Author: You're right! As always... :) Thanks!

> . Right-click on the file.xml of your Mule project.

Reviewer: Is file.xml the actual name of the file? If so, use monospace.

Author: The file name depends on the project name. If the project is called "MyFirstMuleProject" the file will be "myfirstmuleproject.xml". Let's see if my rewording works 🤞

> . Right-click on the file.xml of your Mule project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Right-click `file.xml` in your Mule project.
```

Author: The sentence was reworded.

> . Select *API Specs*, the name of your Mule project (filename.xml), and *Generate Flows*.

Reviewer: filename.xml or file.xml?

Reviewer: Is Generate Flows a button? Should it be ", and then click Generate Flows"?

Author: "Generate Flows" if one of the options in the context menu when you right click.

> If the rescaffolding process of your project is successful, your implementation XML file adds a new flow. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the rescaffolding process of your project is successful, your implementation XML file includes a new flow. 
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> If your project is successfully rescaffolded, a new flow is added to your implementation XML file. 

Reviewer: Previously, you use "re-scaffold".

Reviewer: Any way to make these two verbs active?

Author: Let's see if this rewording works.
